 A smart wristband has been one of the most popular wearable smart devices in the world. It often provides great convenience to users with such a wide range of features as voice recognition, gestures control, and monitoring fitness. At the initial stages of designing human-computer interaction, it is about designing digital things for people’s use (Jonas Löwgren, NA). User Experience Design is process design that includes the entire process of acquiring and integrating the product, including aspects of branding, design, usability, and function. Based on the principle of User-centred System Design (Norman 1986), authors focus on adding value in order to appeal to potential users, which is a difficult process but rewarding.  
 
When authors are thinking about potential users, they would reflect on their own experiences. A new student at university who likes doing exercises and sports often finds it not easy to make new friends who have the same hobby. They might like to do exercise and sports within groups. Especially when they are busy with exercise, they would lack of time to check their phones to socialised with people. To solve this problem, a smart wristband is a perfect choice. From these needs, authors could draw a potential user type. 

The first given persona card highlights its own characteristics. A new student just starts her university life and wants to exercise every day. She looks for sports events that she finds engaging to meet new friends. Not only user’s wristband can share their location and find other users but allow them to send invitation to users nearby. A sharing exercise data on smart wristband between users can also be beneficial to motivate them. 

Another persona portrayed is an elder. Biology changes as people get older, causing seniors to have different reasons for staying in shape than younger generations. In older adults, exercise helps you live a longer, healthier, and more joyous life. Authors want to help elders keep healthy by a proper exercise routine, as well as alert them by monitoring their health condition. More specifically, smart wristbands could even send users’ location to their family when users’ health condition is looking bad. Some of these functions require further investigation and iterations in future steps. 

Based on our app definition and personas, an interaction design called storyboarding can be developed. The user stories based on personas focus on low level design. But with storyboarding, a rough scenario can show how product affects users in a real world which is the merit for later prototyping. 
